Update CHANGELOG.md (#10)
riganti/dotvvm-extension-vscode: src/dotvvm-vscode/CHANGELOG.md

# Changes

## 0.9.0 (first version after a major rewrite)
* Added DotVVM language server

> * Added Intellisense and auto-completion for controls and properties

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added auto-completion for controls and properties
* Updated dothtml grammar for DotVVM 4.0
* Added expand selection support
```

Intellisense is Visual Studio not Code word for autocomplete :D

Author: I am alright with the change, though even Microsoft seem to use it for VS Code as well: https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/intellisense
